feat: Queue adapter are now dynamically loaded (#304)
aneoconsulting/ArmoniK.Core: .docs/content/1.concepts/7.adaptors.md

# Adaptors

The adaptors projects provide implementations of the interfaces relying on different kind of services.
We plan to provide an implementation for on-premises installation and each cloud provider.
They are used as abstrations for:

- The **queue** whose role is to distribute messages representing tasks to execute to polling agents.
- The **database** which is used to store the metadata of the tasks, tasks input and/or output data, partitions and authentication.
It keeps track of the state of the computations and data managed by ArmoniK.
- The **object storage** where the data used as task input and/or output is stored.

## Adaptor dynamic loading

Interfaces that are implemented by the adaptors are located in `ArmoniK.Core.Base` project.

> They will be loaded dynamically during startup (today, only the queue can be loaded dynamically but the other adpters will come soon).
> The `ArmoniK.Core.Base` project also generate a (Nuget package)[https://www.nuget.org/packages/ArmoniK.Core.Base] with the interfaces and classes needed for the implementation of a custom adaptor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They will be loaded dynamically during startup (today, only the queue can be loaded dynamically but other adapters will come soon).
The `ArmoniK.Core.Base` project also generates a (Nuget package)[https://www.nuget.org/packages/ArmoniK.Core.Base] with the interfaces and classes needed for the implementation of a custom adaptor.
```

> Adaptors must implement the `IDependencyInjectionBuildable` since we rely on the implementation of this interface to register the adapters implementations through dependency injection.

Reviewer: "Adaptors"? or adaptor factory? or something else, I'm not sure.

This interface exposes a `Build` method that will be integrated in the dependency injection.

> It will allow adaptors to instantiate their classes and expose the implemented interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It enables adaptors to instantiate their classes and expose the implemented interfaces.
```

Then, the interfaces will be used by the middleware to interact with the different storages.

## Class initialization and health check

Adaptor interfaces inherit from the `IInitializable` that requires an `Init` and a `Check` methods.
Therefore, it is mandatory to implement them.

> `Init` is used for deferred initialization of attributes in class instances (for instance, the creation of a connection after the build of the instances through the Dependency Injection).

Reviewer: Should we add the constraint that `Init` should be thread-safe?

Author: reentrant

`Check` provides an health check interface used to request the status of the adpater (for instance, are we still connected to the queue ? Can we still receive messages ?).
These adaptor health checks form the health check of the application (polling agents, control plane, dependency checker, metrics exporters).

## Queue Adaptors

Queue adaptors have to implement `IPullQueueStorage` and `IPushQueueStorage` interfaces for message retrieving from and insertion into the queue.

Pre-included queue adaptors are also available such as:

- `ArmoniK.Core.Adapters.Amqp` provides an AMQP connector for ArmoniK.

> It allows using any AMQP server such as ActiveMQ, ActiveMQ Artemis, RabbitMQ or IBM MQ

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It allows using any AMQP server such as ActiveMQ Artemis, RabbitMQ or IBM MQ
```

Author: There is an ActiveMQ and an ActiveMQ Artemis (this is the new version)

- `ArmoniK.Core.Adapters.RabbitMQ` provides a dedicated adaptor for RabbitMQ.
It uses RabbitMQ native client that supports priorities better than the AMQ protocol in our AMQP adaptor.

Other adaptors for queue may also be available soon:

> - AmazonSQS

Reviewer: Are we sure we want to communicate on such a thing?

Author: It was already there. I just reorganized.

## Object Storage Adaptors

The `ArmoniK.Core.Base` project does not expose interfaces for the object storage yet but it will be coming soon.

The current available object storage adapters are:

- `ArmoniK.Adapters.Redis` provides a RedisCache implementation.
- `ArmoniK.Adapters.S3` provides a S3 implementation.

## Database Adaptors

The `ArmoniK.Core.Base` project does not expose interfaces for the database yet but it will be coming soon.

The current available database adapters are:

- `ArmoniK.Core.Adapters.MongoDB`

Other adaptors for database may also be available soon:

- SQL

> - DynamoDB

Reviewer: Same here.
